Definitions: For the purpose of these rules: Advising bank means the bank that advises the credit at the request of the issuing bank. Applicant means the party on whose request the credit is issued. Banking day means a day on which a bank is regularly open at the place at which an act subject to these rules is to be performed. Beneficiary means the party in whose favour a credit is issued. Complying presentation means a presentation that is in accordance with the terms and conditions of the credit, the applicable provisions of these rules and international standard banking practice. Confirmation means a definite undertaking of the confirming bank, in addition to that of the issuing bank, to honour or negotiate a complying presentation. Confirming bank means the bank that adds its confirmation to a credit upon the issuing bank's authorization or request. Credit means any arrangement, however named or described, that is irrevocable and thereby constitutes a definite undertaking of the issuing bank to honour a complying presentation. Honour means: to pay at sight if the credit is available by sight payment; to incur a deferred payment undertaking and pay at maturity if the credit is available by deferred payment; to accept a bill of exchange ('draft') drawn by the beneficiary and pay at maturity if the credit is available by acceptance. Issuing bank means the bank that issues a credit at the request of an applicant or on its own behalf. Negotiation means the purchase by the nominated bank of drafts (drawn on a bank other than the nominated bank) and/or documents under a complying presentation, by advancing or agreeing to advance funds to the beneficiary on or before the banking day on which reimbursement is due to the nominated bank. Nominated Bank means the bank with which the credit is available or any bank in the case of a credit available with any bank. Presentation means either the delivery of documents under a credit to the issuing bank or nominated bank or the documents so delivered. Presenter means a beneficiary, bank or other party that makes a presentation.
Amendments: Except as otherwise provided by article 38, a credit can neither be amended nor cancelled without the agreement of the issuing bank, the confirming bank, if any, and the beneficiary; An issuing bank is irrevocably bound by an amendment as of the time it issues the amendment. A confirming bank may extend its confirmation to an amendment and will be irrevocably bound as of the time it advises the amendment. A confirming bank may, however, choose to advise an amendment without extending its confirmation and, if so, it must inform the issuing bank without delay and inform the beneficiary in its advice; The terms and conditions of the original credit (or a credit incorporating previously accepted amendments) will remain in force for the beneficiary until the beneficiary communicates its acceptance of the amendment to the bank that advised such amendment. The beneficiary should give notification of acceptance or rejection of an amendment. If the beneficiary fails to give such notification, a presentation that complies with the credit and to any not yet accepted amendment will be deemed to be notification of acceptance by the beneficiary of such amendment. As of that moment the credit will be amended; A bank that advises an amendment should inform the bank from which it received the amendment of any notification of acceptance or rejection; Partial acceptance of an amendment is not allowed and will be deemed to be notification of rejection of the amendment; A provision in an amendment to the effect that the amendment shall enter into force unless rejected by the beneficiary within a certain time shall be disregarded.